What happens when init a repo and why ---
A .git folder is added and we can start using git commands.
We can check on the status and such and maybe make a commit.
None of this gets tracked without a git init.
Adding/removing files is tracked too so don't worry about
deleting or creating new files. It's all tracked!

How is staging area diff from repo and cwd ---
It's really just a tag/label for the status of files.
It doesn't affect your repo. But it's prepping cwd files.
Remember, it's not moving anything. A commit doesn't change
anything. It just takes that snapshot. So the staging area
is really just getting thing into your lens before
taking an actual picture.

How can we use staging to ensure 1 logical change per commit---
Using git diff shows us diffs between cwd and staging.
git diff --staged shows us diffs between staging and last commit
We can ensure we've staged/added what we want to commit before
actually committing. And if we want out of it we can use...
git reset --hard.

Situations where branches help keep history organized ---
Well I think exactly what they are used for is helpful, try-
ing things out and only committing if they work. I'm not
sure how merging handles history since you seem to delete
branches after. So how does that work if there were changes
on the master too? How does the git log look? Either way,
branches separate work and keep the changes clean.

How do the diagrams help visualize the branch structure ---
Well, for one, the word branch helps because it actually
describes what is happening. Commit doesn't really do that 
for example but it's ok. Master works. Merge will be pretty
good I think. But branch helps because that's what we are
seeing, branches off a tree. Or better, branches on a stream
because there is an upstream/downstream effect to how some
commits/branches can't see others. So there is a flow. A 
workflow!

What is the result of merging? Why is it diagrammed the
way it is? ---
Well the result is that the changes are basically all
run together. And ordered by timestamp. So you've basically
allowed someone to get their work into the workflow when
they weren't really in the workflow, they were just trying
stuff out. Which is great. It's diagrammed that way
because that's how rivers sorta flow back together. But 
now they've basically become one river (all along) so
we might as well just show them that way. Especially when
we end up deleting the branch that is gone. Remember, a
branch is really just a name. So the delete is just to 
clean up labels and such.

Pros and cons of git automatic/manual merge ---
Well automatic is great because we don't have to work
as hard. Plus it's verifying that the changes we made
aren't going to break other people's changes. The
manual way is great because it prevents breakage. Though
of course it's gonna take longer. And we may not exactly
know what the other person was doing. But as long as
their commits weren't huge and their code is somewhat
commented then we should be OK. But in real life we'd
probably just walk over there and talk it out. Or it
all would have been better sorted out beforehand.